Zero audio.
Dice and soup.
Fa-fa-fa-fa-fa-fa-fa-fa-fa-fa-fa-fa-fa.
Welcome one and all back again to the lockdown comics.
Hermontown is now in session!
It gets better and better. Please welcome to the stage the mayor of Hermontown, Dan Harmon!
Thank you, wow.
What's with the big crowd, Jeff? What's going on?
Don't know. Maybe your show got canceled.
It was canceled last time. I guess it was a big crowd last time, too.
I guess this is all we got now, huh? This is all the people that were watching community.
All 200 of them.
What's next for you, Dan? Are you going to arrest on your laurels?
I'm really up in the air about that.
My fantasy, as you probably know, is to be able to not write ever again.
But there's this whole mortgage, and I want to have a baby, and baby need diapers.
Baby's got to go to college, because it'll probably be a fucking athlete.
Because that's just my karma.
If baby is an athlete, it'll pay for itself, the scholarships and shit.
Well, you're right, you're right.
Anyways, the money. Life is money. I'm in the second half of my life now. It's time for the selfless half of my life to begin.
I have met with my goddess. I now need to atone with the cosmos.
Are you prepared to be a father? Do you think that you're ready to bring a child into this world?
I mean, worse guys than me have done it.
That's not an answer.
The population of this planet is all you ever need, that it's not that hard a job.
Project yourself into a three-year-old child of yours, and Aaron's.
You're a father of a three-year-old.
Am I in the child?
Project yourself into that reality.
So you're a father of a three-year-old person.
What's your day-to-day, your quotidian shit?
Well, I'm hoping, yeah, I hope I can work from home by that time.
I hope I can be like a house husband and really put my full energy into the kid.
That's why I don't know what I'm going to do next, because I could do a Fox deal.
They had rolled that when I got my job back at Community.
So there's that whole network sitcom world still waiting there.
But now I have this opportunity.
I could, without really burning any bridges, I could walk away from that.
I could write movies.
I could write a book.
I mean, I don't know.
What's your fantasy about your next project?
If you could have anything as your next thing, what would it be?
Well, I really want to write this one movie that I've been trying to write for 15 years now.
Daedalus?
Yeah.
Do that one.
Can we talk about that, or would that be bad business?
Well, I don't know.
No, I don't want to talk it out or anything.
Well, it's just a story I want to write.
Get off my dick.
But you and I used to go to the drawing room and talk about this movie, and you would cry and not write that movie.
Yeah, I've been working on it for quite a while, which is a good sign that you probably shouldn't.
I don't know. I always tell the kids, don't throw that idea away, that one you've been thinking about since high school,
because it's too precious.
It's a recipe for writer's block, like focusing on that thing.
But it also might be incumbent upon the elderly writers like myself to actually get around to that thing they always wanted to do.
Do you feel elderly at 41?
Well, yeah.
I'm in the second half of my life.
I'm not about to blow anyone away as a wonder kind.
Or pronounce Wunderkind right.
There's certain words I've only ever seen in type. I've never heard anything like that.
Baggle and wonder kind.
Hey, you know that Playboy liquor store over in Hollywood?
Yeah, it says Playboy liquor.
How are they getting away with that?
That's like crazy.
Because of a drive pass at Playboy liquor store, there's a liquor store in LA that's called Playboy liquor.
It is dead on the font of Playboy magazine, but the Y is a martini glass.
And it's just like Playboy liquor.
Like, hey, you like Playboy?
It's rich tradition of high quality pornography.
Come on in.
It's just a fucking dirtballs liquor store.
You can't do that. You can't have like a Nintendo grocery store.
Spell Nintendo with a Y.
You can do whatever you want.
Don't let me get in your way. I'm half done living.
So Dan, you're getting married in what, November?
Yeah.
And then you're a married fellow.
You're a husband.
Yeah.
And then you're going to have a baby.
Or as far as we know, it could be twins. We don't know.
You might suddenly be the father of twin girls.
Am I projecting onto Jeff or can anyone else sense that he doesn't want me to get married and have a baby?
No, you're projecting.
You're projecting.
Okay.
Well, a couple people are getting that pheromone off of you.
You're projecting onto me.
Okay.
I'm saying like, you're going to be a fucking father.
That's crazy.
Yeah.
That's crazy cool.
I'm all for it, man.
Imagine me replicating myself genetically.
I know.
Horrifying.
It's going to be amazing.
Imagine me, imagine me, imagine if you're a little kid and you want a bedtime story, then this motherfucker walks in.
Best writer in the fucking world.
Whoa.
All right.
That's like, all right, Dan, give me a bedtime story.
I'm 18 months old.
My name is Vanessa because Aaron named your first daughter Vanessa.
Oh man.
She's got worse in store.
What are the names?
She got one last night that she really likes.
Scorpion.
She really likes that song.
It's in that, it's in that, what's it, Pedro Amadovar movie.
There's a musician in one of the movies and he sings that song.
What's happening right now?
It's this song.
It's like a Spanish song or Mexican song.
No, in this song, what is it?
Oh no.
What is Aaron want the baby to be called?
God damn it.
Now I forgot.
Aaron?
She's not here, she's not here.
Oh.
She's in that show.
Paloma.
What?
Paloma means dove.
It means dove, right?
Yeah.
Who knew that?
Who's raising their hand?
I haven't heard yet.
Who are you?
His name is Darren McGathey.
Your name is what?
Oh, okay.
You're just guessing that.
But you're right.
Paloma.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But you didn't have a conversation with me about this.
You guessed.
Yeah, Paloma.
Paloma.
That's what it is.
Didn't Picasso name his daughter Paloma?
It means dove.
Fine.
What?
She's a hack.
I don't know.
But Paloma, I'd like to have a little daughter named Paloma.
I kind of, for somebody, I wonder if I'm sexist.
Then let's take it to the bank.
I think I must be sexist, or whatever the opposite of sexist is.
I would really like to have a daughter, and I also don't care what her name is.
As much as I would care.
Is it just gender identity?
I'm more reticent to name my son something weird than my daughter.
I kind of feel like the daughter's name is just a fuck off.
That's misogynist.
I don't know.
Or is it like I'm already unconditionally loving my daughter, and I'm just going to make my
son's life a living hell, because I'm going to be thinking, that's a little me.
That's a little me.
And the daughter, because of my...
Why wouldn't your daughter be a little you, too?
You know why, Jeff.
I don't know why.
She'll have a hole where her wiener should be.
And you just can't...
She's going to have her hands full with problems.
No, I'm very much...
What would you prefer?
If you could make a choice, son or daughter?
I think I would prefer a daughter, because I'm terrified of getting eaten by the kid.
In a mythical sense, prom night, and your teenage kid comes after you drunk, and he's
like, fuck you, old man.
That whole energy.
So you want a girl because she can't beat you up when she's 18?
She'll be an errand up.
Her issues will be with...
She'll be like, old lady, fuck you.
And I'll be like, now, now.
Come sit with daddy and watch Blazing Saddles.
Fetch my bifocals.
Does Aaron have a name for the boy, if it's a boy?
It's never been Saddles soap.
I've heard her throw out Cormac.
Cormac?
Karthi?
I reckon.
Connor.
Connor, is it just...
I'll see your names.
I like biblical names, and I like my names Daniel.
What does that mean?
God will be my judge.
For real?
Yeah.
And I interpret that to mean, and only God.
Only God.
There's a dot after that.
Only God will tell you to tie her shoes.
Yeah, exactly.
God will be my judge.
That's it, motherfucker.
Yeah, the story of Daniel is great.
Not Sony, not NBC.
Daniel was a dream interpreter for a king, and then his rival colleagues, the Hacks,
they turned him in for praying to the wrong God secretly.
And he was using his position as a dream interpreter to kind of move the king in a Yahweh direction.
And the king was kind of under his psychological thumb, because he was good at what he did.
He was winning him with being good at his job.
And so his rivals tried to turn him in, and I can't remember how the rest of the story goes,
except it ends with all of those right...
They throw him in the lion's den, and then God closes the lion's mouths,
and he pulled Daniel out, and they go, I guess you're on the winning team,
and then they throw all of the guys that fucked with him,
and all of their families, and all of their families' families into the lion's den,
and the lions eat them.
It's a horrible story.
God will be my judge.
And also, he'll kick ass on your behalf.
Yes, he's in my corner.
So I like that name.
I wouldn't mind just a straightforward Hebrew name for my kid.
Like what?
I don't know.
I have to look it up.
I want to look up all the stories and see what kind of myth I would like the kid to be able to delve into.
Do you feel like your parents thought about Daniel as a name for you, and had foresight?
My mom said that she chose the names based on...
She named me and my brother with these alliterative names, Doug and Dan.
She said at one point that the way she picked the names,
was she imagined them being announced over the loudspeakers at a football arena?
Like, quarterback Dan Harmon at Douglas.
Yeah, there's the Harbin Brothers, Doug and Dan out there, flowing the football around.
Anyways, I want to see you as a father.
You're gonna.
I know.
I'm going to, and I want to.
I want to see you change your diaper.
I'm gonna be good at that.
What qualifies you to be changing your diaper?
Well, I don't change my underwear very often.
So when I do, it's gross.
So I'm prepared for...
No, no, you're not prepared for that.
No, I am.
Why is a guy that doesn't change his own underwear, qualify to change another human being's underwear?
Because I take him off and I'm like, blech.
And I throw him in the hamper, and that's what you do when you change a diaper.
No, you don't!
You shit everywhere.
It's about tidiness, it's about health.
I'll see you in the parental funny papers, baby.
I'm gonna raise the fuck out of this kid.
You being a father, you're gonna get what you don't want.
You're gonna get some, strangely, the person that you didn't want to raise, a human being.
And you'll be there giving it probably good bedtime stories.
What would the bedtime stories be?
That opportunity went away.
Chicken shit.
You're gonna have a child.
This is the batting cages of learning how to tell a baby story.
I know Vanessa.
Once there was this farmer, and he kept telling in his fields, say he could make little jelly bean plants.
And then one day one of the jelly bean plants looked up at her and said,
please don't harvest me, I have a magical jelly bean plant.
I don't want to be harvested, I need to stay here so that I can keep talking to you and hanging out.
You can have all the other jelly bean plants.
This is what I'm talking about.
Don't cut me down.
So the farmer, who was also a princess,
obliged the magic jelly bean plant, harvested all the others,
took them inside to her father and said, here's the jelly beans, he counted them up.
I count only seven jelly bean plants worth of jelly beans here, Rodriguez.
That is because one of them was magical and asked me not to...
Silence!
Bring me my belt.
Why?
You know why.
Where is it?
It's over there on the dresser.
Slowly Rodriguez went and grabbed the belt off the dresser with trembling hands,
handed it to her father, who put it on because his pants were just falling down a little.
And then he ran out to the field with Rodriguez and they talked to the jelly bean plant
and they had an hour conversation about covering a wide range of topics
and including how to irrigate better so that they ended up growing more jelly bean plants than ever.
So the moral is go to sleep.
It's Tarot episode one.
You're going to be a good dad.
Thank you.
Thanks everybody.
I'm just looking through the Playboy liquor.
Bumper stickers, I don't really...
Oh dear.
I wouldn't be the first person to not understand bumper stickers.
I understand if you're in a band, you put your band's bumper sticker on your bumper
because it's like, hey, it's my car, I'm going to promote my band with my bumper sticker.
I understand the clever ones, like the pithy ones, like here's a little something about me.
I don't get it, but we don't have to talk about it.
Wait, for instance, what was that?
I can't remember.
I don't know, I just saw...
Well, I mean, I don't know.
I can't think of any really, honestly.
What about ones that espouse a political agenda?
I think it's a bad idea to have a bumper sticker because it can't be so large
that I could read it from far enough away to be safe to read your bumper sticker.
I have to get close enough to read your political philosophy and maybe hit you.
I'm almost positive that no one on this earth has ever been converted to anything by a bumper sticker.
So I don't know what purpose.
Is it just the idea that it's just like, we'll whittle away at you.
I saw a bumper sticker that said, honk if you're horny.
You like that one?
I honked.
You ever see that guy on the corner outside the Vista Theater
and he's always holding a sign that says, honk for peace?
Yeah.
And he keeps gesturing.
He seems really exasperated when people aren't honking.
And then people honk and then he just gives them a big thumb up.
I got 40 questions for that guy.
I just said, how do you know when you're finished?
How does that work?
Why is he mad at people who don't honk?
I can already see the anger on his face when he doesn't get the honks he wants.
So I know that if he was in control of an army, he'd attack someone.
But he's just in control of a sign, so he just goes,
I've seen that guy, but before I see him, I hear a bunch of honking which makes you unhappy
because it's the sound of horns honking.
Yeah, it's like make your baby cry if you want world peace.
Poke your baby in the eye.
It's like a sound that distresses you.
Isn't that wonderful how babies crying really makes us upset?
Like on an airplane, you hear that sound and you're like,
you think you're a bad person because you're like, shut that fucking baby up.
But really the reason you're upset is because you're having an instinctive reaction
to a human child in distress.
And what you're frustrated by is the fact that you can't do anything about it.
You're not allowed to do anything because we're not, we're a disenfranchised tribe.
Ryan Stiles is the coolest thing in the world.
We're on a plane and Ryan has three children.
And there's a woman that brought a baby on board in first class and the baby was just screaming.
And like, probably a three-year-old boy just fucking absolutely abject pain, just screaming.
And Ryan said, can I take your baby?
And Ryan took the child and he doesn't like to fly.
Ryan is a bad flyer.
He does not like flying.
He took the child and walked out of first class down like all the way to the back of the plane
and the crying stops.
Ryan killed that baby.
The North Korean soldiers never got on the bus.
All we heard was a door open.
Ryan came back with a quiet child and sat down and leaned his chair back and put the baby, the toddler, on his chest
and they went to sleep for the next four hours.
And the mother was like, when we landed, she's like, how did you do that?
He goes, like, give it a change of scenery.
Like, take the baby for a walk once in a while.
Like, move it around and don't panic.
It was so cool.
It's possible to take a crying baby in a plane and assuage the pain.
Yeah.
I always imagine the babies, like their ears aren't popping.
I don't know how terrifying that must be for the baby.
I always think about that too.
People bring animals on the plane, like they're in the cargo bay or whatever.
They must be back there like, what the fuck is going on?
Isn't it weird how dogs love being in cars and cats are like, fuck you?
It's so amazing.
Dogs are so comfortable with everything.
Like, Aaron just puts fucking t-shirts on the dog.
It's a hat on his head.
He doesn't get it.
He just feels like, oh, this is my job.
I'll just dress like a lizard now.
Cats are like, you put something on a cat and it starts running around backwards like a crayfish,
trying to back out from it.
Cats do not cotton to any kind of unnatural behavior or costuming.
All right.
Let's break the Kumail glass because to give this show a kick in the ass.
Kumail Nanjiani!
Fa-fa-fa-fa-fa-fa-fa-fa-fa-fa-fa-fa-fa-fa-fa-fa-fa-fa-fa-fa-fa-fa-fa-fa-fa-fa-fa-fa-fa.
I'm hungover, so the show's low energy, so I'm bringing out the big guns.
The show's been going great.
I've been listening and watching.
These people love it.
They're like, yeah, Kumail.
We're on board kinda.
Kumail, is it just me or do you get sexier every time I see you?
I've been taking pills.
What sort of pills?
Just like diet pills.
They work, guys. Don't listen to what moms say.
Here, I'm making you a drink.
Oh, thank you. Thank you.
I'm just using my hand to put the ice in the cup.
Kumail, do you fancy yourself a father?
You know, it's so weird that you guys are talking about this because we've been talking about it.
Like, it's been like, we're...
I don't know. I don't know.
It's hard. It's one of those things your whole life, you know, you think life's gonna be a certain way.
You're supposed to do certain things in my whole life.
I've been like, I'll be a dad someday. I'll be a dad someday. My kid's gonna be great.
And then at a certain point, you're like, well, do I really want to be a dad?
It's hard to ask yourself a question that you thought the answer was made for you your whole life.
And now in my 30s, I'm like, do I really want that?
I don't know. It's very hard to think about.
I would imagine you being a good father.
I don't think I'd be a bad father. I think I'd be a good father.
I don't know if I want to be a father.
I don't know. We've just started...
Certainly we don't need that incumbent upon us to choke the planet with more flesh.
Yeah, but...
If people are having certain thoughts about it...
That's like the worst gynecologist ever, listen.
You're gonna have a little thing that chokes the planet with more flesh.
Yahweh said in the Old Testament, right? He said, go for it and choke the planet with more flesh.
It's gonna hurt when you take a shit from now on.
Dan, are you driven? Do you feel a part of you needs to be a father wants to be a father?
Why do you want to be a father?
Do you feel that way?
I feel driven to it. I feel like...
When I have to make a choice, I go best case, worst case and compare all the possibilities.
The worst case scenario with having a kid is having a kid and just being like anybody else that has a kid.
Like, I had a kid and sometimes people with kids secretly warn you when no one's listening.
Don't do it.
Oh yeah, I've been pulled aside at parties.
But it's always tongue and chit. They mean it, but it's truth and jest.
That's the worst case scenario is regretting, is having a kid and wondering what it would be like to be a bachelor and play video games.
Or just be with Aaron and not have a kid.
Like what Schrab and Kate are doing. They're not having kids, they're just hanging out.
The worst case scenario is worrying about that. What am I missing?
The worst case scenario with not having a kid is far worse.
It's like being 70 years old and going like, I've had a pretty good life.
We've had our ups and downs and our chuckles.
I'm gonna die.
Bring in the people I'll say my final words to.
There is no one.
Bring in little Danny Jr. You traded his soul in for playing Wolfenstein.
That sounds pretty good.
That's the reason to have a child is that you feel like at your dying breath that you wished there was a version of you.
But it's not just about my dying breath. I'm talking about all those years in between too.
What I'm trying to say is that wondering what it would have been like to have children
is for me a more dire fate than wondering what it would be like to not have children.
Something that I have 41 years of experience with.
I know the path that I've been on and I know that sometimes I wish it would last forever.
You're like, this is going great. Let's bring a couple children into this.
But I also know that my hair is falling out and that my boobs are sagging and I have boobs.
I'm melting. I'm dying. I'm disintegrating.
So are you combating mortality by having children? Is that what it is?
No, it's not like a pharaoh thing like I want my legacy.
It's not.
Because it is for a lot of people.
No, I would never put that whammy on a kid. I hope he's a garbage man.
Be a garbage man. Be the best garbage man everybody works with.
I don't give a shit what you do.
Because who are we kidding? Everybody's been doing remarkable things for 6,000 years.
Where has it gotten them? Who gives a fuck?
Just have a good life, Harmon Jr.
That was like inspiring and cynical at the same time.
The awareness of my mortality is, I'm saying like, I want to tell a story with my life.
And I'm halfway through that story.
And for me, reproduction is the second half of a full life.
Oh, I thought it was like setting up a sequel, you know, when Freddy's Hand comes out again.
Oh, that's more Harmon happening.
I don't even know how to think about this.
Because for me, a reason that I always assumed I wanted kids was like, you know, that's how you,
because I have, you know, I've been thinking about death my whole life.
And I'm like, that's how, for me, you combat it, you get a kid,
and then that person continues on the stuff you've done and you sort of live on through them.
But now I'm like, well, I kind of want to live on through the stuff I do.
You know, like you sort of, like the, you know, shows you right or whatever, that kind of stuff.
So I think I would rather do that, but I don't know.
I don't even know how to start thinking about it.
It seems like so much.
Do your parents have an opinion about whether you should be a father or not?
Me?
Yeah.
Do they care about you being a father?
Yeah, they have a very strong opinion.
They're very proud.
I'm like, now, I kind of want to be like, remember how difficult it was when I brought a white woman home?
Now I'm bringing a person, you can't even separate the person.
It's like a swirl, like they're together.
It's going to be so much more complicated.
This is like we went to fucking Cold Stone and mixed it all up.
There's no conversation now, so.
Do you think they're excited about that or?
Yeah, I was just with them this weekend and they brought it up a lot.
So, I mean, they're like, like, when you, you, you referenced,
you were how difficult it was when I brought a white woman home,
like what was the family situation when you and Emily started going out,
when you, when it was time to meet the parents?
We thought, we've talked about your parents, like ambitions for you.
We wanted you to be a doctor.
Yeah.
I mean, they, so they had maybe ambitions for you in terms of your mate as well.
Oh yeah, they used to send me pictures of women, like, because it's all arranged marriage, you know.
So it's all these women who, so this is how it's set up.
There's like older women in the community who are always aware of like, oh, you know,
that they have a girl, she just there in the market.
So they, they know the guys and they know the women in the market.
So they show me these pictures that are obviously these old ladies taking pictures
of like these girls at weddings and stuff, like, you know, they're eating,
they're like caught unaware.
It's completely true.
And my mom would send it over with like sort of like a resume, like she's, you know,
she's pre-med, she's got a green card.
So that's not going to be a problem.
And I kept saying no to them and I swear the women got more and more attractive.
And the last one was like fucking Cleopatra.
Like she was stunning.
So if you're in Pakistan and you're listening to this podcast, like always, like, hold out.
Oh yeah.
And, oh yeah, hold out.
They're bluffing, they're bluffing.
Even if you're going to stay in the system.
I wonder if it works that way for the, for the poor girls.
Yeah.
Like, do their men, choices get...
Yeah, but it's like kind of when you go to a store and you're like,
hey, what, what's the shit in the back?
What do you have in the back?
What's that girl?
Cleopatra is that girl.
What's her stake in it?
Like, what is she?
She's getting me, dude.
What the fuck?
They're merging the house Nanjiani with...
Yeah.
It is like that.
It's the iron bank will...
Yeah.
We will be so much stronger.
No, it totally is like that.
It's more of a pact between two families rather than just love.
We actually have a term for a marriage that's not arranged.
They call it love marriage.
It's called love marriage, which here seems so redundant.
But over there, and they say it's like a bad term.
Like, oh, she had a love marriage, you know.
What?
Love marriage, Google it.
Meaning she had a say in the matter?
No, you always have a say in the matter.
The difference is whether you get set up, you sort of hang out.
So it'll be like the two families meet and then they're like,
find an excuse to leave and the guy and the girl are there and you talk.
And then you decide like, yeah, this is the person, the rest of my life.
She likes purple.
Is it male driven or female driven?
Like who's driving that car?
Both people can say no.
It's like in that, it's fairly even for how crazy a system it is.
The woman can say no when she doesn't have to get married
and the guy can say no when they don't have.
Both have to say yes.
All right.
Yeah.
So crazy.
It's a little charming.
Do you think it is too little charming?
Well, I mean, it's charming from the vantage point of not having a deal with it.
I'm currently pissed off.
I mean, as I think we all are about that fucking douchebag that didn't get laid
and killed a bunch of people and blames it on women.
And also there's two...
I'm just hungover.
You're bummed out about that guy?
Yeah.
Yeah, I know.
There's been two attacks from Griffith Park, girls just taking a walk and they can't take
a walk because a guy is going to fucking attack them.
It's different being a woman than being a guy because men expect things
and when they don't get what they want, they actually do attack.
It's the worst fucking thing in the world.
I used to...
I made it into my late 20s before I knew that that was a real thing.
I would get mad at my girlfriends when they would come home and the first girlfriend that
came home and said like, the guy out there, the one on the corner that's selling me oranges,
he makes these fucking sounds when I walk by him.
I'm like, what do you talk?
Come on.
Guy's selling oranges.
He's sucking on oranges.
He's just like, no, he happens all the time.
He's just being angry that you're a woman and that doesn't happen the other way.
They make kissy sounds and comments and stuff like that if a woman's not with a man sometimes,
if she is.
The crazy thing to me was when I was like 29, when I first was being introduced to that
concept in a secondhand fashion by one of my girlfriends, my immediate emotional response
was, knock it off, stop being dramatic.
I had a weird membrane there that was inherently misogynist.
There was a Robocop directive in my programming where the idea of...
I just believed in my brain.
I was like, you're making that up.
That's crazy.
Women don't walk around on the sidewalk and just constantly get harassed.
It's every day.
It's also an everyday thing.
I can't speak for women.
There's probably women here that would absolutely say it better.
You're prepared for guys to be shitty to you at all times.
And knowing that they're riddled with testosterone.
Learn how to not get raped by what you wear, what you say, how you reject somebody.
You say you have a boyfriend when you don't.
You give a fake phone number.
Guys never have to do that.
It's just the ugliest thing in the world.
I hope that the people that died because of that little asshole, I hope the conversation
becomes something so cool that guys change.
I actually grow up and learn that what they want isn't a mandate.
Women aren't simply things that will get fucked.
They can say fuck you.
I don't want to fuck you.
That's not who I am.
I don't want to be the guy who says it's over.
No more problems.
But I want to be hopeful and say, I feel like when I monitor the younger generation,
I feel like they are...
It's so far away from that.
Women got the vote.
They're moving too early.
Way later than black people.
We like to hate our women.
We will be misogynist way after we fix racism.
We're terrible.
And women are the coolest.
They have everything on us.
Now I'm being misogynist.
It might even fucking going on.
I just...
We're going to start just grabbing their bodies.
Is that what that was going?
Were you going to talk?
Go ahead.
Sorry.
How was it going to get misogynistic?
I want to know.
It's like a guy talking about what women should or should not get.
What they shouldn't be is treated like anything other than a person.
And this little guy is saying...
He's probably crazy.
Whatever the fuck was going on with him.
The idea that because he's a 24-year-old virgin and he has to go kill blonde women.
And then on Twitter, people backing that guy up saying,
Hey, it's Memorial Day, man.
Stop your feminist bullshit and support our troops.
Because it's fucking...
Wait, what?
Oh, yeah.
That's a pretty big thing.
That's a weird comment section to plant any flag.
There were people...
Because it was the yes all women thing going on, right?
As opposed to the not all men are rapey.
I'm the coolest guy.
Not all men do that.
But women are saying no.
All women have to learn how to not get raped when they walk through a parking garage.
Women have to deal with it.
All women do.
Yes, not all men are bad people.
But all women have to learn how to deal with guys being bad at rejection.
Yeah, yeah.
So, I really wish I had met that little fucker the day before he did that.
Wait, you didn't have like a psychic dream that this was going to happen?
What's funny is that kind of bitch.
What?
Go ahead.
You have the floor.
What was the psychic dream that I don't want to get off track?
Just let's do a quick sidebar.
It's almost like I feel like I wake up after things happen and feel like something subliminally happened.
So you like sort of backtrack and you're like, oh yeah.
I did not have a dream that a guy was going to go punish women because he's an asshole.
That would be a stupid dream because that should be the story of every movie that we make.
I didn't think we were going to talk about this guy because I imagine that all the podcasts are.
But my goal as always is originality.
But now that we're on the topic, I just watched the video in the green room.
And I was stricken by how strangely disingenuous he acted like he was acting when he's talking.
Because his father's a director.
Oh, really?
Are you joking?
No, he's an AD.
It was so weird he was acting like he's like Josh Hartnett or something.
I'm so into it.
Yeah.
It was fucking giggles.
But it was so weird.
You're being shitty at being a bad guy.
He's acting.
Yeah, but I didn't understand that because I was like, normally when somebody is acting that way and you feel like they're being dishonest,
there's something inside them that they're suppressing and keeping down.
Like for instance, I hate women because they don't love me and I want to kill all of them.
This guy's saying that.
Yeah, so what was his secret?
Yeah, and he seems so fake.
The secret isn't genuine.
He's an asshole.
And he probably had everything going for him except the fact that nobody likes him.
And he...
That's what he says.
I bet he had a real shitty vibe at the point.
I have a young lady raising her hand in the audience.
So he was acting.
Come on, say it.
Adam, take it easy, buddy.
Adam gets to bring her up.
He's got, by the way, he has a chair for his laptop.
Oh, nobody's sat here.
What's your name?
I'm Annie.
Hello, Annie.
Hi.
So I just read an article. It's not like I knew this guy or anything.
So it turns out he was into pickup artistry.
Oh, the game?
No, no, no.
Well, like the thing we know how men try to get...
The game?
Sure.
Yeah, there was a book that a guy wrote that's like...
It's a very specific thing.
He was into that, but it didn't work for him.
So he was a member of this group that was called Pua Haters,
or Pua Hate or something.
Wait, Pua?
Pua's pickup artistry is what they refer...
I know, right?
It already sounds gross.
That can be a thing?
Right.
So yeah, so he's a member of this online community of people
who hate pickup artistry because it didn't work for them.
So they're like...
So now not only are they already angry at women,
they're now doubly angry because these techniques just didn't work for them.
Yeah, even science doesn't work for them.
Yeah, exactly.
That's how awful women are.
Even the science of being just verbally abusive
and deceptive to women.
Is that that friend zone thing?
Is that part of that?
I don't think so.
On Twitter, there's a whole thing about like friend zoning.
I think that's separate.
I think friend zone...
Please correct me if I'm wrong.
I thought friend zoning was like,
no, this is never going to happen.
You've never been friend zone.
Yeah.
And the men being mad at the idea that women could possibly
send you to the...
I don't have to fuck you, Cornfield.
It's so crazy.
So he got mad that there was a book that he read
that didn't get him laid?
Right, that didn't get him laid.
And then he was part of this group of people.
Why did he stay out of those three Chinese guys?
There were three...
He also hated...
He hated...
This is another part of it.
He's biracial.
And so he's half...
I forget what kind of Asian, but half white.
And he hated Asian guys.
On message boards, he'd be like,
you guys suck, girls don't want you.
And he said that it was part Asian-ness
that drove women away,
because women don't like Asian dudes.
He was racist against himself?
Yeah.
Well, part of himself.
Well, he was...
Yeah, this guy had no shortage of...
A shortage of dick.
Yeah, I mean, it's not a brave stance to...
I mean, whatever.
I don't know what...
We know that this guy's a bad person.
Thank you, Annie.
Annie.
Oh, that game stuff.
What was her name?
Did you get it?
Annie.
She had a night for the listeners.
She had a pink sweater and a pink bow in her hair.
It was like...
Hi, Harry.
Very...
Annie, where are you from?
I came from El Segundo,
but I'm originally from San Francisco.
El Segundo?
Yeah, very far away.
I left my wallet there.
Somebody here came from New York,
and he was telling me outside
that Harmontown got him through Hurricane Sandy.
What?
Because they didn't have any power,
and they just had a bunch of podcasts on the computer,
and they would...
My question was like,
if you didn't have power,
they would go to an office,
or one of them worked, I think,
and listened to Harmontown through,
and it helped him survive.
It would be so great if you asked who it was,
and it wasn't anybody.
You just, like, had, like,
in your head you made it up and bought it.
I was wondering if politicians do that.
I talked to a plumber named Mike.
It was like that.
He's got three kids.
Camille, how's the...
Have you become a street celebrity now?
Like, from a...
Yeah, my horns count for twice the piece, actually.
What a haunt for that guy.
For sure now, everybody, like,
the amount of people stopping you in the grocery store
must have gone up by a tenfold, right?
Yeah, people do recognize me.
It's kind of...
It's so cool.
Every day, it happens every day.
It's like, people really like the show.
It's a good show.
Oh, thank you.
So, yeah, every, like...
Now, are you...
Are you free stuff?
Were you read for that?
I don't...
We haven't talked about this.
When you read for that,
was that something that you thought
that they had written kind of for you,
or that you were just auditioning for it?
Like...
Well, I didn't know I auditioned for two parts
that I didn't get.
TJ's part, TJ Miller, Erlich's part,
and Big Head, and I didn't get them.
And they just liked the names.
They said, you're not right for these,
but we'll write something for you.
And you always hear that.
Whenever you have a good audition,
you don't get it.
Don't worry, we'll write it for you.
And it's just like...
We'll see you in heaven.
Yeah.
Or they'll bring the Chinese food one episode, you know?
But then they were like,
yeah, we're gonna write something for you,
and I didn't hear anything for a while.
And then the final round of auditions was happening,
and I was out of town,
and I was like,
I gotta fly back early,
but I couldn't fly back early,
so I was like,
all right, I'm gonna miss the final round of auditions.
And then I landed,
and I had this phone call.
There was all my agents,
and manager, and everybody,
and I was like, oh, this is something.
And they said that you...
They wrote a part for you,
and that we...
I'm gonna be in the show.
And it was...
I did one audition just with Mike,
and from that,
like, I didn't have to do, like,
the whole round of testing and shit.
I did one audition with Mike Judge,
and then they just wrote a thing for me.
Oh, really?
You didn't have to do that
fucking horrible thing
where people are going in.
No.
It was HBO.
That's some kind of, like,
do their own thing.
So Mike was like,
oh, I like this guy
when I write something for him.
They were like, okay, great.
If you like him, use him.
Fucking awesome.
It was awesome.
It was the easiest, like...
It wasn't the easiest job to get.
I was fucking terrified
going into the audition,
because it's Mike Judge, and, you know...
It must be Carolyn Strauss, right?
She must be some kind of mad genius,
because she's been there forever at HBO,
and HBO plays this really high-risk,
high-yield game in television.
They bet all that they have
on shows hoping that they become
Game of Thrones, Sopranos.
Because their money's made from subscription.
They don't give a fuck about ratings.
They want people to buy the product,
and they have to actually make...
They have to create cultural phenomena
as a business.
They have...
The buy-in is so much bigger.
People aren't just giving them
a half hour of their time.
People are giving them, you know,
20 bucks a month or whatever.
So you have to create shows
that become part of the function.
But make people on the subway
start to just get humiliated
that they don't know
what they're ever talking about.
Yeah, like two objective Game of Thrones.
You have to make people...
You have to bully people into like,
okay, fine, I fucking subscribe to this.
I'm so tired of hearing about these dragons.
Yeah, for me, the...
The wire was like that.
Yeah.
Oh, God, I mean...
Oh, you haven't seen the wire?
I'm gonna watch it just so I don't
ever have to hear that sentence.
HBO's been in that business
for decades now, and successfully.
And it's like, that's not...
And all the other networks, they're like,
oh, we'll make 20 pilots,
and then we'll, you know,
90 people will be bad,
and then the one that's good
also, one out of 10,
won't make it past six episodes,
and it's like this ridiculous fuck-off
like frog eggs being laid,
knowing that they're all gonna be eaten.
Dan, you should do like an HBO kind of thing,
a scripted mythological...
Maybe my child will.
Perhaps that's what I'm gearing up to.
I would like my child to have
an overall deal at HBO.
But that is so interesting,
because the opposite approach,
like networks, like you said,
frog eggs at an HBO,
they've had like $100 million
in the first season of Game of Thrones.
They would have been out $100 million.
If they didn't know what they were doing,
that would be a horrible mistake.
They did would,
and they ran out of money on debut, right?
They couldn't finish the season
because it was too expensive.
Is that what it was?
Right?
I thought it was like Milch got busy,
and like bored.
I thought that they just like ran out of dough.
But HBO has dough.
Rome.
Rome?
I never saw Rome.
Again there have been
some of these television questions
answered by entertainment expert
Spencer crittenden.
Master of Dungeons and
Television industry gossip.
I love the way they talk,
like when they say on the deadline,
where they're like fesop,
or helver.
Oh my God, I can't read that stuff.
Oh yeah.
It makes me feel so tiny.
Because everything being reduced to this actual industry,
it makes me nervous.
Whenever I'm in a waiting room and I
see the variety on the table, I'm like, ah, fuck.
And I kind of glance at some of the headlines and I go, ah.
It's like walking through a casino.
Like all of a sudden, I don't know.
I got this far by denial of the world around me.
Like I just do what I do.
And then I read these headlines and I go,
I want an overall deal.
Yeah.
I want $11 million from scribe Pen Helm
Laffer, Scripter, Scrippy.
I want to be one of these guys.
I want a photo that doesn't look like I have yellow teeth
and tiny hands.
Some of those you can't control.
My hand size is always going to be like this.
No, I met the other stuff.
Spencer, what do you think about the television industry?
Yeah, Deadwood, too expensive.
No, television industry, it exists.
Jesus Christ, he's high again.
No, I just think that reality shows are bad.
Every time someone watches or every time
anyone mentions a reality show by name,
I always go through this mental process like Jesus Christ,
someone watches reality shows.
Oh yeah, they're very popular.
A lot of people like those.
Jesus Christ, I'm talking to someone
who watches reality shows.
But you're not counting Project Runway, right?
Yeah, I can't.
I mean, I guess.
That was different because it's actual skill merit based.
Those people are trying to be good
and it's usually a pretty positive show.
Aaron just started binge watching Project Runway
and I now know I'm starting to learn about fashion, I think.
Tell me what you know about fashion.
This is what I know.
If your outfit can be compared to a pop cultural reference,
it's bad.
So if a gay man can look at what you're wearing
and reasonably compare it to Pac-Man or Strawberry Shortcake,
if you can say anything while you're looking at it
that makes everyone go, ah, it's sort of like playing
the dozens fashion.
The person comes out and then it's
like the bad outfit is the one that it's
too evocative of like, I don't know.
I'm looking at this, she seems like a housewife from Tron.
Yeah.
And then fucking you're eliminated, you're gone.
It's also interesting.
Every time that one guy, I don't know who the guy is.
I love that Tim Gunn guy.
I don't know why.
Tim Gunn's great.
But then there's the other guy.
I'm gesturing with my hands.
Just do a face.
To mime a giant head.
That's that one guy.
He's the guy that, what's his name?
Michael.
That's Michael Corris.
If he can say that your outfit looks like blank,
then you're fucked.
It's interesting.
Do any of his references go beyond the 80s?
Oh, you hear Game of Thrones sometimes.
I get all of his references.
I always get all of them.
He looks at the thing and goes like,
Malak's like a lucky charm.
Could you do his impression of me coming on stage,
dressed like I'm dressed?
I can't really do an impression of him.
It'll just sound like a homophobic stereotype.
Tim Gunn, I think I was doing pretty good at.
I can't remember.
Give me some Tim Gunn.
Give Kumail the Tim Gunn treatment.
Wait, no, I don't want that.
I just got really nervous.
Five minutes, designers.
I have to tell you, I'm starting to get very concerned.
OK, so this is an average A line.
Is she thin-waisted, your model?
Oh, she's high-waisted.
Well, then you're going to put the shawl on.
Well, that's her relief.
I have to tell you, I'm very excited about this.
Keep going.
Keep doing what you're doing.
He is like that.
It's interesting, because Emily watches that show,
and I was like, fuck this show.
And then I watched like three episodes later.
I'm like, yeah, we know you can drape, Brahmi.
Show us something new.
Like, I know what they're going to say before they say it.
It's also interesting how far down the list being wearable
is in their criteria.
Like, when they say, oh, and that's wearable.
You hear that once every three episodes.
Yeah, it's made out of tires, and the model's holding the hem
because if she lets go, she'll be naked.
I love what you did.
It's bold.
It's dangerous.
It's aggressive.
It's like a total random adjective.
If all they could come up with is random adjectives that
sound like you're describing like a car.
Aggressive.
Yeah.
It's sneaky.
It's suspicious.
It's sworthy.
I love it.
It's dependable.
But if they can say, oh, boy, it looks like Popeye's
going to the spaghetti factory, I mean, I am what I am,
but this is not what I am.
I love that you guys both have girlfriends
or wives watch that show.
It's a great show.
I mean, watching quotes, man.
I'm sitting there.
I'm playing Wolfenstein on my laptop.
Hey, Wolfenstein is pretty good, right?
Yeah, I'm loving it.
Yeah, I've been playing that, too.
It's a fun game.
What's Wolfenstein, baby, Spencer?
No, I don't game on my laptop.
But you're aware of Wolfenstein, I so.
Of course.
It's the premier Nazi shooting game.
That's exactly right.
It's an anti-Nazi game.
What did German people feel like when they buy that game?
The German version actually is kind of different.
They have like not swastikas and stuff.
It's all like censored and stuff.
Are you joking?
Oh, yeah, they hate swastikas over there now.
Yeah, the Nazis have these little eagle
insignias or something like that.
Just because of the actual visual,
like the image of a swastika is like the N-word.
Like it's just a thing that's inflammatory.
Oh, yeah.
It's not like the Germans don't know
that they're watching German soldiers get
knifed in the face.
I think they get it.
And it's such a brutal thing.
Oh, yeah, they get knifed in the face.
Tyler's raising his hand.
I don't know whether it's cultural or actually
to buy a law, but there is something
that's like you aren't allowed to have like swastikas in here.
You know what it's like, I think?
It's like I smoked so much for so many years,
and then I quit.
And now that I, whenever I smell smoke, I get like queasy.
I think that's how they are with swastika.
No, I know that.
Yeah, I know that they smell.
They were like, we were way into it.
That was the mistake.
Oh, yeah, when I drink gin, if I taste gin, I'm like, ugh.
Yeah.
Gin, you're high.
I had a horrible Yeager night, one night, and I can never.
That's how they are with swastika.
I immediately can picture the playground where I puked my guts
out, like I drank a bottle of gin because it was the only thing
in the country.
On a playground?
Well, it wasn't like I wasn't there as a student.
It was a playground in a park near my home.
That's way worse.
You're a grown man drinking gin, looking at children playing.
I was not a grown man, and I wasn't watching children play.
It was night time.
Oh, way better.
It was an abandoned playground.
Night time.
Oh, good.
Where do you want me to go?
The Russian tea room?
Or am I supposed to drink gin when I'm 15?
No, I know the Germans are pulled a 180, for sure.
But I'm saying, I wonder how they feel when they,
because we, meanwhile, we don't, it's kind of a funny thing
in this world of like, hey, watch what you say.
I know how you do it, and this long-standing thing
that's been accepted as a way of expressing ourselves.
Like, let's take a second look at that.
And we're definitely never going to,
you can always just have, you know, just show Nazis
and then just fucking stab them in the eyes
and go like, you fucking Nazi cocksucker, fucking fucker,
you fucking Nazi piece of shit.
Whether it's just a guy taking a pee, like, in this game,
you're just like, you know, I mean, like, they're just soldiers
walking around, like, and there's actual references
to their wives and families, like, it's like a joke
how cruel it is, like, there's, you're listening to them
talk about their, my wife is pregnant.
Yeah, like, this is just a job for me,
I haven't actually killed anybody.
And then you fucking like, slit their throat
and like, drink their blood because, you know, they're Nazis.
And I just, I just picture like a German 16-year-old
buying the game and being like, man, I have a fucking hand.
I didn't even know what any of this is about, man.
I was like, yeah, I really got handed a fucking,
shit, a fucking lot of karma.
There's a lot of baggage.
It must be so fucking weird to...
It's also interesting that in games
when they want to be super violent,
they just make the bad guys Nazis
because then you can do anything to them
and everyone's kind of on board.
I mean, is it, is it, is it, is it trite or inflammatory
to point out that that's a very Nazi-istic way
of dealing with our, our feelings about things?
Like, that you pick a scapegoat and you...
Yeah, you make them the other and then you fucking murder them.
Like, British people or Russians
are always our bad guys in films
because they're, they're, they're our, the other, our foe.
Like, yeah, our xenophobic bullshit.
Like, Germany, like, when the Nazi party came to power,
they didn't have the majority.
They got, they got like a lot of the vote
and Hitler became the chancellor.
A lot of people didn't like the Nazi party.
When they became powerful,
there was the SA and the SD and this police force
that if you didn't like them,
you were sent to a fucking concentration camp.
And if you're intellectual, if you were smart, Jewish, gay,
like lots of other interesting things,
you were simply pushed away.
Most of Germany, like most of Europe at that time,
were very anti-Semitic.
Like, there was lots of countries.
Oh, sure, yeah.
Like, like Jews weren't welcome in most countries back then.
That's fucking terrifying, man.
When you were in the history, high school history books,
like they always just, you know, they throw that aside.
Like, it's always just this formula with dictatorships
is that, is that that stage where they round up
the intellectuals, they round up the doctors
and the, like everyone in this room is fucking dead.
Yeah, that's a, like if some shit goes down
in this country, like if the economy collapses
and then there's like this, you know,
this is what happens, like economic turmoil
is the potting soil for fascism.
Because some guy in a uniform is gonna come out
and he's gonna tell everybody in the mainstream
that they're gonna be safe as long as we make
our new business blowing shit up.
Yeah.
And that is exactly what happens over and over and over again.
And then I'm gone.
I'm in the first fucking bus out.
For whatever reason in my head,
and you guys know our Jeff Fox where these,
you might be a retina.
I mean, just in my head, I was like,
you might be a dictator, like if you're rounding up
all the intellectuals, you might be a dictator.
If you think reason is a reasonable thing,
you might be a dictator.
You might be a dictator.
Also, they called it fascism,
they called it dictatorships and people were cool with that.
Like, that was a thing.
Well, but that wasn't a bad-
It was an absolute back then.
That wasn't a bad word then.
Also, women, absolutely marginalized.
Women were simply-
Stop trying to get laid.
Stop trying to make my feminism about me getting laid.
The misogynist code,
jeez, now you're calling yourself a feminist,
you really are trying to get laid.
It's also like, there was some fucking,
fucking fuck wit on the internet that said it,
because like-
This is like a fucking Andy Rooney rant right now.
Somebody said like, Jeff hates men.
They're like, no, I said a nice thing about women,
and that's me being like anti-men,
like, that's fucked up.
Like, men need to grow the fuck up
and start, like, I'm not trying to be sexy,
I'm not trying to get laid by men.
I'm not trying to be sexy.
This shit comes naturally.
This is just how I am, man.
You're the saginist asshole.
I just make feminism look good.
Also, there should be more women in our show.
How about that?
There should be a-
What do you think about this?
Three fucking-
I agree.
Women.
Yay.
No, it's, Jeff, you were like,
there was a tragic shooting not too long ago,
but Jeff's like,
there's a guy who says, I hate men.
That's fucked up.
Yeah.
That's what's fucked up.
Incredibly fucked up.
We live in a world where women aren't people,
they're objects first and people second,
so that's fucking crazy.
It's absolutely crazy.
I like your thing that I do
if we're gonna, like, disagree with you.
No.
I don't know, man.
Maybe they should be.
But that, hey, that's absolutely-
I know, I hear what you're saying.
I like the idea of-
Let me play devil's advocate here.
I'm not trying to be provocative.
I'll just say, it's the case,
that's a fucking-
I like the idea of going with that thought
and seeing how long you can go with it
until the women stop clapping
because you would be like,
we live in a world where women are objects first,
they're animals, they're pieces of shit,
they're human garbage.
No one gives a fuck about women.
You see what he's doing?
Ladies, you see what he's doing, man.
And you just keep going until the women are like,
they would be like, yay, yay.
And then after a while, they're like, wait, wait a minute.
He's thought about this too much.
This feels prepared.
How many women does it take
to screw a lightbulb for God's sake?
You were doing exactly what I was talking about.
As a feminist, I wonder why it's three instead of one.
That's not even a thing people say, Dan.
You're just naturally being misogynist right now.
It's a natural thing.
As with alcoholism and racism,
I will agree first so that people stop accusing me.
I know, conversations about whether you're an ism,
the big secret is fucking say yes, I am.
And then it's done.
Because then what are they gonna do?
Help you?
They're not putting in that elbow grease.
You're racist, you're racist.
Okay, I'm racist.
What are we gonna do about this?
You're racist.
And I am going over there for a drink
to tell other people that you're racist.
That's the approach like Jennifer Lawrence, who's awesome,
who was in like a ton of stuff coming out.
And before she was like,
there's gonna be a backlash soon
and it's just gonna be fine.
And then because she said that,
people were like, well, now we can't do the backlash
because you told us that's what we were gonna do.
It's the best thing to do.
You think what I'm like with like, yep, you're right.
Let's bring up race and gender expert, Demorge Brown.
Yeah.
And soccer expert.
Demorge.
Hello, this is surprising.
When did you get that arsenal shirt, sweater,
whatever you, what is it?
This is from two years ago.
Where did they come in?
Fourth?
This year, fourth.
Fourth place.
They won the cup last week, but they did.
Jeff and Demorge had to talk about soccer.
How did they win the cup last week
and then this week, they're fourth?
The league, they were fourth.
The cup is a separate tournament.
Where all the teams in England play each other
over the course of the season.
The FA Cup?
FA Cup, yeah.
And you can't use your hands?
Demorge, tell them why.
So what is this?
This is like the teleports or anything.
What are they doing?
Are there bats?
Wait, what?
What do you say?
It's not cricket.
I do like cricket.
Do you watch the Madrid, the Champions League?
I watched that yesterday on the patio of La Cita
with, there was no English being spoken.
There was a lot of Asada being grilled.
People were screaming.
They were up and down.
And when Madrid won in overtime, I think I was lifted over
like five people's heads.
You were?
I was hot like a beach ball, yeah.
They were that happy.
But why you?
Because I was there.
I didn't lift anybody, but everybody got lifted at a certain
point.
Jesus, that's terrifying.
I'm going to a Dodgers game next week.
The Kettle One Alliance invited me.
Did they really?
And they sent me a new backpack.
Oh, it's in the trunk of my car.
Oh, thank you.
I have it in the trunk of my car.
And I registered the tracking chip.
So I know it's in the trunk of your car.
My car is being followed right now?
By the Kettle One Alliance.
Oh, god damn it.
They're not good drivers.
I want it out of my car immediately.
Does Burnett have an alliance?
If Burnett did have an alliance, I would be the fucking
ambassador for it.
All right, who brought this?
Or Rafael?
Rafael, he's lovely.
More Fernette Brogher.
When's DeMorge going to get his Silicon Valley?
That's what I want to know.
This guy's been working his ass off.
DeMorge is a Channel 101 alumni, alumnus.
Go to channel101.com and watch the award-winning record
setting show, Gumball.
And DeMorge, you're the perennial best actor and best
supporting actor, everything on Channel 101.
That's just for two years.
Three years, something like that.
It's been there for 10 years, though.
I will say 101 has been a great thing because.
Can I say that your hair is becoming more and more
magnificent as days go by?
I want that hair.
Cool.
You.
I want to wake up tomorrow with your hair.
I'm going to cut it off.
For real?
And I'll give it to you.
No.
At the end of the month.
Don't cut it off.
Mike Bush is doing a show that he did at Bridgetown at the
end of the month.
And I play Cornell West.
And that's the only reason I haven't cut it yet.
That's why I'm keeping the Cornell West hair.
Dude, so now people just have you do the Cornell West
impression, like just, is that getting annoying or?
It's not a, because it's not, it's just a, it's, it's.
It's just a character, it's not a discussion.
Yeah, it's like, I kind of write out bullet points.
And then it's more physical than it is memorized speech.
Kind of just jump out and wave my arms around widely.
I can't ask you to do Cornell West.
I can do Barak as a voice, but I can't do it.
You can do Barak?
Yeah, sure.
Barak Hussain?
Easy.
What?
That's his name.
Camille?
If, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if I may be so bold as
to call you Camille, you're a great citizen.
And, and, and what, what I want to get to is something
emblematic in, in, in, in young people and good folks all
across this country.
Something emblematic in good people and good folks.
That was so good, I almost teared up.
That's the episode title right now.
Something emblematic.
It reminded me of why I voted for him, because I was so
relieved that a president, I could understand every sentence
he was saying.
He could, you, like, like Bush couldn't summon the word
emblematic.
All politicians are parasitic pieces of shit.
And Obama speaks and says nothing.
But, but God, he can speak.
It's such a fucking relief.
Yeah, he has a command of the English language, which is
magical.
So gorgeous.
Folksy sometimes, too, though, when he talks to people and
talks about anecdotes and things.
So he can downplay it, just like Bush used to go places and
all of a sudden have a twang in his voice that he didn't
have the day before.
Yeah, Spencer, what do you think about race,
politics, Obama, or gender and the TV industry?
I'm pro all those things.
Well, why don't we, what a bold stance.
Yeah, I'm a hero.
Spencer, can we include DeMorge into, like, an NPC
character?
Well, I thought if you could play Aaron's character.
Oh.
Yeah, I mean, sweet.
Wait, so we have my eye on the road ahead.
What's happening?
We rail against gender inequality, then we get a dude to
play a woman.
But he's a black piece.
He's black.
That's right.
Tristar Pictures presents.
He's black.
Weekend at DeMorge is two.
Yeah, I'm calling him black.
Somebody called me one time.
They're like, you're not going to believe this.
We were all laughing like crazy last night.
We were hanging around, Dan, and he just kept saying, black
people.
Wait, I have no reason.
Last night?
No, no, this is a while ago.
Oh, OK.
Black people.
I love the phrase black people.
I think it's so funny.
Because it's so weird.
Like, it's so ticklish.
It's not inherently offensive.
But it sounds so fucking weird.
It's just such a weird thing to say.
It's so juvenile.
It's like you're like action figures.
Like, where are my black people?
Like, I don't know.
It's just something so weird about it.
Leg, leg, leg.
Black people.
Wrapping strong.
Wrapping all day long.
It's racist to connotate black with rap.
Not going to do it.
Sit in my lyrical lap.
I'm Dan Harmon wrapping up a storm.
Fuck your mama like Cheers was Norm.
Fuck your mama.
Fuck Osama.
Fuck Obama.
Obama.
Breakdown.
Oh, look.
Here's the thing.
We're going to pull up a ring.
I bought a ring for my wife, Michelle.
I bought a dog.
And I tried to sell him.
But we wanted another dog.
So we brought him out onto the lawn.
We got the exact same one.
We actually cloned it.
It's a full experiment.
You know, folks, you have to understand.
If we don't advance the science as further,
I'm proposing internships for students all across this nation.
If you want to volunteer, if you want to go to Namibia,
if you want to go to Ghana, if you
want to go to Lisbon or Lisboa, is to call it there.
Languages are important.
You have to speak forward and backward.
You have to want to believe.
Because this moment, this shining moment, in this time,
in this hour, yeah, yeah.
That was Obama rapping in the middle of my rap.
That was the best.
Black people.
Yeah!
That must have been in my 20s, I was still yelling out
at the top of my lungs, black people.
That must have been an old, I did not understand the world
yet.
It's like a graphic novel.
Entertaining myself.
He's black!
I remember we used to freestyle at parties,
and I would fucking, I was very liberal with my use
of the n-word.
And I can't stop it.
D-Morgen always walked by right when you said it.
And I was saying it a lot.
I was casting a white net.
But then D-Morgen walked by on the red solo cup,
and it was just, it wasn't like.
Why did it have to be a red solo?
It wasn't like you were, it was just,
I just always felt so fucking bad,
because it would be like, ah man,
he's still doing it over here in the corner.
He's still, still just yelling out the,
I would just stand in the corner and people would go,
now, now, cross, now.
He's gonna say it, now, go.
Yeah.
Dan Merle with a hand signal.
He just said figure, so go now.
He's gonna rhyme that.
All right, Spencer, did you, did you,
did you come prepared to do any role-playing with us,
or did you just want to hang out and chat
about entertainment gossip and fashion?
Reality TV?
I really did just want to talk about some fashion gossip.
All right.
Can you believe what Kim was wearing at her wedding?
I mean, you knew it was never gonna be classy, but.
No, I don't know.
I was concerned, I thought,
I was looking at the Stay Puff Marshmallow Man.
Oh, are you talking about young Smith,
who was dressed all in a white Batman costume?
He looked a bit like a Stay Puff Marshmallow Man.
I think he's truly a monster.
I really think he, who?
The young Jayden Smith, he was at the wedding,
and he was wearing an all-white, all-pure white Batman costume.
Like a full mask, like, you know what,
it's the wedding and it's their day,
he shows up as the son of Will Smith
in a white Batman costume.
No.
That's, that sounds awesome, though.
How old is he, though?
He's like, he's a grown man now.
Yeah, he's, how old is he?
He knows better, or even if he's four,
the parents should be like, no, it's their day.
Well, it's the parent, but it's the thing,
if the parent said, let's go to the Batman store
and get you fitted out.
Yeah, so how old is he?
That's what's important.
I bet he's like 16, right?
Oh, that's fine.
Then he went to his dad and said,
I want to be Batman at the wedding,
and he's like, well, 16 is fine?
Well, fine for dressing like Batman at a wedding?
Yeah.
16?
Well, when?
16 year olds are doing amazing things.
16 year olds have grown up.
I think that dressing like Batman at a wedding
is an amazing thing.
I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I,
You know what's weird?
You just convinced me.
Now I'm like, Jane is awesome.
I don't think he was trying to draw focus.
Why do I even have an opinion about this?
You don't think he was trying to draw focus at a wedding
in a complete white Batman,
it's not just a regular Batman outfit.
That wouldn't have been enough.
He had a cowl?
Yeah, he had a cowl.
I think that's awesome.
I think that sounds awesome.
I want to see a white Batman costume.
You seeing a picture of it right now?
Well, that looks creepy.
This is a black and white photo someone's showing me
and it just looks like.
No, that's just Jane.
He looks like a Mexican wrestler.
Black people.
Hey, he's black.
Rochester.
Wait, what?
Yeah, look at how he looks.
Jesus Christ.
That's what he looks like.
It's a white.
Oh my God.
It doesn't look as cool.
I thought I pictured body armor.
It's raw asparagus.
Wow.
A villain in a BET commercial.
A BET show.
All right.
So, who's wedding was this, Spencer?
It was the Kimye wedding in Florence.
Wait, they're not married?
They just got married?
I don't know.
Probably.
Hey, what do you think made Solange get so mad
in that elevator?
Oh, Spencer.
I just had a good, they're like,
you cannot let him wear a white Batman costume.
Jay-Z?
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
Because, you know, Jay didn't call the head.
Jay-Z was fine with it.
We were there in that hotel, the standard.
Oh, really?
That's why Aaron brought that up.
Like, do you know anything about this?
It's like, oh, we're in the elevator
where Solange tried to kick Jay-Z.
Oh, wow.
And I like to frustrate Aaron
by having really specific opinions
about pop culture things.
Yeah.
And to make making her meet me on logical ground
about the stuff until she finally goes like,
would you, you don't even know these people and I go,
exactly, what are we doing?
Why are we talking about why these people do anything?
Did you know that Seal married Heidi Klum at one point?
I just found that out last night.
They were married forever.
I know.
Oh, wow.
They were like a couple.
And he proposed to her on an iceberg, I heard.
What?
Yeah, the helicopter.
Is that a seal joke?
I don't know if it's an iceberg.
Is he just doing a seal joke?
Wait, was that a joke you made,
or is that really what you heard?
The iceberg thing I heard.
I heard they went clubbing afterwards, hang on.
Oh.
I'm sorry.
Don't apologize to me.
Spencer, take it away.
It's okay.
What?
Someone will explain to Demorge what we're doing
at some point.
D&D.
Are we doing D&D?
Yes.
We're doing fucking D&D.
Certainly sounds wrong.
Give Mulraine to Demorge.
Demorge, you're playing Dungeons and Dragons.
Have you ever played it before?
A long time ago.
Nice.
This is your character sheet.
I never read mine either, don't worry about it.
Okay.
You're Aaron McAthage's character.
He's a jumping off point.
Last time on Heartin' Town,
after recovering from curses and evading law enforcement,
our heroes had found themselves
in a Bill Martigan's bathroom.
There they relieved themselves
and met with Flizdam, a scared but friendly chap.
And after calming him down,
he revealed he was a member of a secret order,
the Seekers of Paradise,
and took our heroes to meet with this order.
After a tense introduction.
Charles Hoffman revealed an ancient relic
recovered from ruins.
Quark heartily activated the relic by pressing red
and opened a deadly and consuming vortex
that sucked our party to the magical Isle of Paradise.
There they met Yomiji, the guardian over Paradise,
who demanded our heroes determine their worth
by telling a joke.
And Quark did so and told a great joke.
But would it cause Yomiji to raffle as Ayo?
Let's find out.
I guess strictly speaking, it did already.
In the past, last time on Heartin' Town.
He chuckled, he was chuckling, and he said,
that's a nice joke.
Yeah, he did do that.
All right, so...
So, are we in the Isle of Paradise?
You stand in the unfiltered sunlight
on the floating Isle of Paradise.
Green, green, green, green, green, green.
You stand in the unfiltered sunlight
on the floating Isle of Paradise.
Green grass and gorgeous flowers and plants
all in bloom coat the island,
which is bordered by fluffy white clouds adrift in the sky.
You feel life and vibrance all around you,
and hear the rolling laughter of the massive angel
rolling around on the ground.
He finishes laughing and gets up and grabs his flaming shovel.
He lights a cigarette and starts smoking it.
You know where the Tarragon of Virtue is?
That's our objective, Tarragon of Virtue.
We're looking for it.
Yeah, yeah, you guys seem pretty worthy.
Ah, this is a good joke, man, this is a good joke, man.
Yeah.
What was the joke?
The Welder's Mask.
The what?
I'll tell it, I'll tell it.
What was the joke?
Sharpie, Sharpie, tell the Welder's Mask.
His kid finds a Welder's Mask,
and then he's like walking around with it,
and he's like, ah, what an interesting Welder's Mask.
And then a pickup truck comes by,
and the pickup driver says...
Why is there a pickup truck?
It's just a guy in a car.
But he's painting a specific picture.
D'Morge has a red solo cup.
This is a pickup truck.
And he goes like, hey kid, do you want to ride?
And the kid goes like, flips up the Welder's Mask,
goes, ah, yeah, sure, I could use a ride.
The Welder's Mask is heavy, so...
Even though I walked this far,
now I'm encumbered.
So, gets in the car, truck, van,
and they start driving,
and the driver says, hey kid,
do you like...
That's my fault.
Hey kid, do you like candy?
The kid flips up the Mask, and it's like,
I like candy, it's like,
flips the Mask down.
This is a joke, you know?
I told it right.
The driver says, hey kid, do you know
what Felatio is?
How old is this kid?
The kid flips up the Mask, and he's like six.
And he says,
no, no, no, I don't,
flips the Mask down.
And then the driver says, hey kid,
do you know what
asotomy is?
And the kid flips the Mask up,
and says,
and the driver says, hey kid,
do you know what a pedophile is?
And the kid flips up the Mask,
exasperated, and says, look, I've got to be honest with you, sir,
I'm not a real welder.
Eh? Eh?
Pretty good.
He has to keep flipping the Mask up and down, right?
Isn't that a thing?
No, I like that.
It has to work in threes.
You made it work in fours.
So what happens with this kid at the end?
I'm worried, because that kid is still with the pedophile.
The kid wins.
I like it just work.
The kid wins, this guy's like, oh, this kid.
Oh, you're not a real welder.
And then he drops him off.
Yeah, yeah.
Is that how it ends? He just wants to fuck kid welders?
He says, mister, I've got to be honest with you,
I'm not really a welder.
The end, the guy goes, okay.
For the kid?
Yeah, yeah.
No, yeah, for everybody.
Not for everybody.
The kid wins.
That is the kid wins.
Yeah, how does the kid win?
The kid wins by being guileless.
The kid gets a chuckle in before he's taken back
to a basement later.
I like the thing, the guy goes, oh, but I'll tell you why.
I've been outsmarted.
I'll drop you off here.
He's not outsmarted.
He's been out-domed.
Yeah, same thing.
So the guy's not turned on by the kid anymore?
No, because he wanted to fuck a welder.
He wanted a welder?
He doesn't like kids.
He wanted to fuck a welder.
And the kid says, sir, you're off the hook.
I'm not a welder.
So it turns out the guy really was on the prowl for a child welder.
He wanted to fuck a young welder.
I like to think that it was just any welder,
and it was kind of hurting him that it was a kid,
because he knows it's wrong.
The kid didn't know what Felicia inside of me was.
Oh, I'm going to have to peach this kid.
I'm confused about the part where he asks him
who knows what a pedophile is.
Why is he asking any answer to that question
that's going to benefit the guy?
He's saying, let's put our cars in the table.
So do you think he was hoping the kid would say,
I do know what one is, and I'm into it?
Not only do I know what a pedophile is,
I'm all for it.
And he goes, good.
But what kind of kid that's into pedophiles doesn't know what Felicia is?
A welder.
Alright, alright, come on now.
Sorry Spencer.
No, I'm having a great time.
I just think the joke's a real bummer.
You leave the world, you pull,
your camera pulls out of that truck, pickup truck van.
Why is the truck is a cart?
I always pictured it as an orange pickup truck.
That makes you rapey.
With propane tanks in the bag.
Why?
Because he's got a day job.
He's going to get his propane tanks refilled,
and a successful pedophile doesn't put all his eggs in Pedophilia's basket.
It's not a job.
He's going to make it a side mission,
like in Grand Theft Auto.
It's like a bonus mission.
He's got an A story going on.
He's got a whole, he's getting married in June.
I don't know, I think if you're a pedophile, that is your A story.
Well, I mean, it'll all be revealed in my new movie, Daedalus.
Daedalus?
Daedalus.
You flew too close to the sun?
Yeah.
I'm a guy.
Oh my god.
Oh wow, Jesus Christ.
To the sun of a guy.
Daedalus.
Does this joke going to make sense to people outside this room?
I don't think anybody likes it, but Daedalus,
about a pedophile who flew too close to the sun of a guy.
Too close to his neighbor's son.
All right, so Spencer.
We just became the writing staff for Hustler Magazine.
We can write a Hustler cartoon now.
Spencer, I asked Flisdame, is Flisdame the guy we're talking to right now?
No, you're talking to Yomiji, the guardian of paradise.
Oh shit, Yomiji.
Yomiji?
What?
What up?
We seek the pterogon of virtue.
You got some?
Oh yeah, man.
We got all sorts of shit, man.
We got bacon bush, we got liquor vines, dragon whisper, utopia fruit,
potion potatoes, miracle clover.
Can I go back to bacon bush?
Yeah, bacon bush.
Yeah, man.
Because there could be a couple different kinds of bush.
We must have met before in like the last episode or something,
but I've never met you, Christopher.
What's up, dude?
Hey, Chris.
Nice to meet you.
What's your deal?
You look fucked up.
He wrote Lady and Red.
Oh, also he's...
Oh yeah, he's cursed.
Oh, he's cursed.
I've been cursed for a while.
You look all evil.
Yeah.
Yeah, he keeps trying to kill us and barf on people.
That's why we need the pterogon.
How do we fix this?
It was a good joke.
Yeah, well the pterogon of virtue, I assume.
I'm not much into cooking.
I'm gonna be honest.
But I love bacon.
Bacon bush?
Bacon bushin'.
What is it?
What is what?
What is bacon bush?
It's bacon on a bush.
It grows?
Is the whole bush...
Bacon grows out of the bush?
Yeah, baby, check it out.
He reaches into a bush and pulls out cooked bacon.
Whoa!
Magic motherfuckers!
But this is pig meat.
It's meat from a pig, and it grows out of a bush?
Yeah.
Magic motherfuckers!
Did a pig die to make this?
No.
Well, probably for the wizard who invented bacon bush,
that probably killed a lot of pigs, I'd imagine.
But now, that's passed.
Is there an eggplant?
Mmm, like a tree?
I think there might be.
Just like a breakfast tree?
There's a breakfast cocktail tree.
Yeah, it's spliced together.
But do you have pterogon of virtue?
Yeah, yeah, that sounds familiar.
It's the leafy one, right?
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
You have it.
We got it.
You totally have it.
Can we have it?
It looks like, though.
We came all the way to the fucking Isle of Paradise.
Cool, your role.
Little gnome one.
Honestly, if I had a bunch of stuff and one of the things was bacon bush,
I'm not going to look at anything.
You're cursed, Christopher.
You don't fucking know what you're talking about.
What's your name again?
I'm sorry.
Yomiji.
Yomiji, we came up to the fucking Isle of Paradise
because we wanted the pterogon of virtue.
Word.
All right.
Do you have it or not?
Paradise has it, man.
I just guard this ship.
Do you know anybody who has it?
I just work here, man.
How do we get it?
It's on the Isle.
This is all around you.
You said you just work here.
That's exactly the guy we were talking to.
We get stuff.
That's a good point.
Can't argue that logic.
You work here?
Yeah.
I don't sell the stuff.
I just guard it, man.
Can we talk to your manager?
There is no manager.
There's no bureaucracy.
It's paradise.
It's got to be guarded.
I guard it.
All right.
Well, I'm going to walk in a random direction, Mr. Yomiji.
Good call.
Yeah, let's go around looking for the pterogon.
I pick up a blade of egg grass,
and I let it point in a direction.
I demarcate one of the ends as the pointing end,
and then I let it fall, and then I follow the direction that it points.
It points towards Charles Hoffman,
who stands cradling and exploded in gnome.
Well, let's spin again.
Who's Charles Hoffman?
I don't know.
Such senseless death.
I go over to Charles Hoffman.
I'm assuming the game version of me isn't an alcoholic
and can remember who he is?
Probably.
He's the leader of the seekers of paradise.
Is he the guy whose bathroom I shit in?
No.
What happens?
Charles, we're here.
I'm sorry for your loss.
Yeah.
That's...
One step forward, dot, dot, dot, as Springsteen said.
We could have never guessed that that would happen
when you pressed that red button.
You know, we dabbled in God's domain,
and we got a warning shot across our bow,
but the important thing is to move on
and get this tarragon of virtue.
What do you say?
That sounds good.
You think you know where it might be around here?
Have you ever been around here?
No, I haven't.
I just keep walking past him.
I just keep walking in that direction.
Yeah, we follow you.
See you later, man.
Sorry.
You walk away as he's talking.
And you just go.
Where do you go?
I'm just walking in that direction.
I'm marching.
You come up to a tree.
It looks like a massive tree.
It's just an apple tree.
I shoot laser beams at the back of Quark's head.
God damn it.
Why?
Because I'm evil.
Yeah, he's a curse.
He's a curse.
Oh, sorry about that.
Did that hurt?
Don't I have a mobility or a trap sense?
Laser beams aren't a trap.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
You take nine damage.
Sorry.
Whoa.
Sorry about what?
Why are we helping this guy?
He's an asshole.
No, I'm a nice guy.
I'm just cursed.
I got nine damage, you piece of shit.
I puked on him.
I used my numb.
That doesn't do any damage.
It's just true.
We could just kill him and then like this.
Whoa.
No.
Yeah, because it would save us a lot of trouble.
Listen, we're here.
Why do you fucking shot me with this?
I know.
And I feel horrible.
Well, not, yeah.
Yeah, hindsight.
20, 20.
I feel horrible.
I do a, I don't know.
I'm a gnome.
I look around there.
I just sniff out where I think that the pteragon of virtue might be.
I sniff out the smell of pteragon.
You sniff with your gnome-ish nose.
And you sniff out a strange scent.
But it, uh, it smells rather bad to be honest.
It's a foul odor.
It kind of overtakes everything.
Sorry.
It smells, it smells like a plant, but not good.
Not like pteragon?
Not like pteragon.
Oh, shit.
Pteragon smells bad.
I wouldn't say not normal pteragon.
I think that smells just fine.
Does anybody have knowledge of nature, anything like that, and their skill?
No.
DeMorge you.
I'm a half-elf.
Does Mulrainee have-
Mulrainee does.
She's a ranger.
Mulrainee.
Look under your skills on the front page where your name's on it.
See if knowledge, parenthesis-
Knowledge of nature.
He's got it.
Oh, I have knowledge of nature.
Nine.
It's all coming back to me now.
All right.
Well, now we're off to the races.
I have knowledge of nature, and I'm looking around this wooded glade, and I say pteragon
would grow where the natural loam is.
So what you smell if that is loam at the edge of that loam, I think there might be pteragon
and other herbs.
Nice.
And we should proceed another-
If this works out, I'm going to be stoked.
Don't shoot me.
No.
It's not my call.
I'll stay behind you.
It might happen, but it won't be behind you at all.
I'm not saying it's going to happen, but if it does, it won't be my fault.
Are you cool with that?
He's cursed.
I have a whisper bow.
No, don't attack me.
I'm just saying.
You attacked me.
Yeah, I know.
I feel horrible about it.
See?
I don't think you do.
You seem pretty cool.
No, I'm like really bummed about it.
Oh, that was a horrible thing.
Anyway, let's go.
We're marching.
Let's go to the loam.
I'm going to get you, Christopher.
I'm going to get you.
So you look to the edge of the loam and there you see a small row of five to seven tender,
narrow shoots, scabbing up out of the loam edge.
Shoot.
All right.
I charge headlong towards the shoots.
You do that.
You arrive there.
I sniff the shoots.
They smell, they smell just fine.
Like Tarragon, a virtue.
I take out one of my knives and I harvest them.
You harvest the shoots.
And I feed them to Christopher and I shove them down his throat.
Well, okay.
Is this a good idea?
Hold on.
Let's talk about this for one second.
You're in no place to fucking negotiate right now.
Do you think it's a good idea to do we prepare them maybe?
Is it like you have to cook them or do you just eat them?
I don't know.
You can dry them at that takes time.
You can grind them to a powder, but then they lose their natural oils.
They're better raw.
The stronger the oils, the rarer they are.
All right.
I eat them and then I shoot laser beam eyes at Quark.
It didn't work.
Right.
He has to roll first.
We'll find out.
Oh.
Yeah, you missed those laser beam eyes.
Oh, is he okay?
He eats them and he starts vomiting violently and violently and violently.
You double over in the fetal position on your floor and in the pool of your vomit, there
starts to be a darkness, a blackness, an eerie corruption, a corruptive presence that hangs.
It floats up in the air and hangs in the air like a ghostly spirit with a crazy face.
And it's all like, I don't remember eating that.
I take my mighty greatsword and attack the smoky presence.
Attacking the smoky presence with your mighty greatsword.
You seem to cleave into the flesh of this ghost and you do.
You do.
I do.
Let's see how much damage.
What's the damage on that?
Sorry, everybody.
I'm so sorry.
It's...
Yeah, you've really been fucking up to me.
It's 11 plus 6 times 2.
34.
Damage.
2d8 plus 7.
2d8.
Jesus.
Is that good?
Plus 7.
Yeah.
I mean, I'd say it's good.
You strike the ghost dealing 18 damage.
Yeah.
Causing him to emit a keening whale that hurts your ears and your souls.
Well, maybe it does.
Let's see.
It hurts Quark's soul.
It does?
It hurts Mulrainee's soul.
It doesn't hurt Christopher's soul.
Fuck yeah.
We've got an understanding.
And it doesn't hurt Sharpie's soul.
Yeah.
High five.
But Quark takes 5 damage and Mulrainee takes 1.
Oh, did it hurt your guys' soul?
Sorry.
I feel horrible about it.
You're not cursed anymore.
Yeah.
That's just a scratcher.
He's not?
This is my new vibe.
Write a new song.
Okay.
I will.
Write a new hit.
Okay.
Yeah.
Don't worry about it.
I got 14 damage.
You write a new fucking hit.
Christopher, Lady and Red was a long time ago.
But it's still around.
No, in a way, it happened right now.
Sing the bridge.
Lady and Red is dancing with me cheek to cheek.
The bridge.
I don't know what that means.
I just fucking sing, man.
I don't know your term.
He doesn't know the fucking song.
It's going to be even harder.
Little known fact about Christopher, he was Nick Drake's schoolmate and taught him how
to play the blues in college.
Is that right?
Oxford, I believe.
For real?
Yeah.
He was an older guy.
Nick Drake looked up to him.
He was playing the blues then, only the blues.
Mulraine.
You're very different.
And he sold out.
Shit.
I didn't sell out.
What are you talking about?
Have you heard Lady and Red?
Great song.
Guys, attack this ghost emanation and let's finish this thing.
Shocking grasp.
You grasp into it, shockingly.
Or so it would seem, because your hands just sink through.
It's ghostly flash and your crackling fingers do not discharge into it.
Can I use my whisper bow?
Oh yeah.
And if I whisper in Elvish, will I create extra damage?
Yeah, you definitely will.
You never played before?
You're better than all of us.
We've never whispered into that bow.
Erin just keeps making things.
She thinks it's Minecraft.
Weirding way, the fire is wielding, weirding way, and fearing for us.
What the fuck?
I'm in heaven.
Blowing runes, light up on the bow's surface as you whisper in Elvish, and then you quickly
knock and loose four arrows in rapid succession, three of which sink into the, you know, I
was going to call it a gnome, but it's more of a ghost, skin flesh.
Skin flesh.
Orlando Bloom.
One of them just kind of goes through it like an arrow through ghost.
But the other two sink into its ghostly flesh and cause it to bleed ectoplasm, taking 12
damage.
Damn.
Black people.
That's the title of my new song.
I just do colors.
Lady in red, black people.
Black people.
Give them a hand.
I take my...
It's a call to action.
Okay.
Give them a hand.
Great.
I take my poison dagger and...
Take that poison dagger and put it in my mouth.
Hey, that would be a great song.
Can I have that?
No, that's ABC.
Fuck.
So I take my poison dagger and I walk up to the thing and I go, never again!
And I stab it.
Because he was inside me for so long.
I'm not a welder and then I stab him.
Stabbing him with your words at the same time, your knife plunges in and poison courses
through its blade into his ghostly form and he takes six damage.
And also is poisoned.
Oh, he's poisoned.
No, he wasn't flanked.
Ghosts can't be flanked.
Maybe they can, I don't know.
Let's debate it.
Who's...
Who's turn is it?
If you flanked a ghost, call into Harmontown.
1-800-366-HARMON.
It's probably too many numbers.
They do that sometimes where it's too long but it just starts dying.
But if you're an idiot, you keep pressing the numbers.
It used to be like that.
3-666-HARMON.
It's the ghost's turn.
It screams and squeals again and then it kind of starts to shimmer and vibrate.
Its form becomes more immaterial and hazy as it does.
And then it shoots, it shoots directly towards Charles Hoffman.
I think I'm taking a break.
Dodge that bullet.
It enters his body and he goes...
Oh no, oh shit.
And then his arms start moving about and he's like...
This is cool.
And then he goes...
And he casts black magic and black tentacles of Evard
sprout forth from the ground and try to grab at your legs.
That one does.
That one doesn't.
Okay, so Quark is grappled by these tentacles.
The rest of you men should stop.
I can't get a fucking break.
I can't either.
Missing all of my tentacles.
What we have to do is we have to feed Tarragon to this new guy now.
Are you saying so?
Yeah, because that's how the thing comes out, right?
Alright, then do it.
Okay, well it's not my turn though.
No, I pass.
Really?
Yeah.
Okay.
Is there more Tarragon or do we feed it all to...
You look more around with your half-elf eyes
and your knowledge of what Tarragon looks like
and you see maybe about 15 feet off there's some in the shade of a bacon bush.
Oh right there.
Now I have to make one stop.
Tarragon grows in the shade of a bacon bush.
So then I rush toward the bush,
fending off this guy who wants the bacon,
and I rip up the Tarragon.
What's there in clumps?
You grab several clumps.
I rush back to the tentacles.
Feed it to...
shove it down like this.
To Charles Huffin.
Of this thing attacking me.
Charles Huffin and I make him eat it.
You try to make him eat it.
He's wrestling you, but you get him in a headlock
and you just stuff a clump of Tarragon in his mouth.
That's right.
Eat it.
And he also goes into a fetal vomiting position
and vomits the ghost up again
and the ghost starts screaming and making all sorts of arachis.
Attack this ghost again.
Alright, everybody...
Attack this ghost.
Well, also everybody grab a bunch of Tarragon.
I just have it in bushels around.
Yeah, just fill your pockets with Tarragon.
Did you bring any extra?
Did he have any extra?
He got several clumps worth.
Alright, I take one of the clumps.
I have a clump.
I'm bummed that my shocking grasp didn't work.
But I'm not going to let it get to me.
Your hands are still electric-y.
Yeah.
Use them.
Well...
But it doesn't work on him.
Yeah, it doesn't work.
Can I ask you about Bull's Strength?
Yeah.
Is that a beer?
Yeah, it's a heffa-vison.
What is Bull's Strength?
They love heffa-vison.
Was that a joke on heffa-ball?
Oh, I guess it was.
You didn't know, and you said that?
It was the most comedic beer thing I could think of.
But it also worked as a pun.
Yeah.
That's the way you get for not going for a walker.
What is Bull's Strength?
It gives one-touched target 1d4 plus one strength.
Oh, don't give it to that guy.
I think, I mean, what we're doing is working.
I'm just going to...
Attack this ghost?
Yeah, I'm going to...
Isn't it poisoned also?
Oh, it's ghost poisoned.
I take my short bow,
and I tie the poison dagger to the tip of it.
And I whisper the same stuff that he whispered into his thing.
I'm like, I don't know if that's going to work.
But...
Here it comes.
I say that too.
You said you tied it to your bow, or an arrow.
You know what I meant.
I mean, it's an important distinction.
Okay, you know what?
I call out to Yomichi to kill the ghost.
I'm on break.
Oh.
I tie it to the arrow.
That must be steak bills.
I'm knee deep in utopia fruits.
What?
I tie it to the arrow.
Okay.
And I aim up above it.
But since I'm a master arrowsman, I know...
You tie it to the arrow?
The poison dagger.
You tie the dagger to an arrow.
Tie the poison dagger to my heart.
Can I have that?
Oh, still.
What is the...
What is going to happen?
The arrow is going to go into him,
and the dagger is going to...
hurt him.
He can't...
Oh, and I put tarragon on it too.
On the arrow.
Someone yelled this out.
So I'm going right to the source with...
So I got an arrow.
I got the poison dagger on the arrow.
I got tarragon on the...
It's like the turducken of weapons.
That's a big CNB.
So you aim upwards to counterbalance
the weight you're adding to this arrow,
and you loose it from your bow,
and it plunks right into the heart of this ghost.
Yeah!
But it slides through harmlessly
and just impacts the soil and the paradise below.
He seems completely unharmed somehow.
Can I draw my speedy longbow?
Yep.
And I use my power to heat up metal
to warm the shafts of the blade.
The shafts of what?
The shafts of the arrows?
The heads would be metal.
The heads.
Sure.
You just warmed my shaft.
That comes later.
First I fire.
Five at once.
I think you can only do three
without the whispering.
Whisper the auto whispering.
Yeah, you can only whisper once per day.
Can I show?
Until you lose your voice, yeah.
So three hours?
We good? Sure.
Alright.
Two of your arrows missed,
but one hit some right in his ghost eye.
It's a critical hit, and he takes...
23 damage.
Black paper!
Black people!
So I think Quark has a move now.
Wait, did you do yours?
I don't like that whenever Demorge gets a victory,
we then take it away from him
by ascribing it to all black people.
No, but I thought we were just doing that
every time something good happened.
Not just like Demorge was doing.
But I'm connecting the dots and I'm going like,
let the guy have a victory.
Calling out black people every time
he does something great.
It's really...
I go into a barbarian rage,
and take my flaming sword
and attack the ghost.
Alright.
Flying into a barbarian rage,
rage settles over your face
and your body.
It's comfortable.
Somehow.
That's probably why you're a barbarian.
And you charge directly at the ghost
and slash with your great sword.
But uh, you know, he...
You don't hit.
He seems to jump upwards
or hover upwards or ghost dodge
in some direction.
And he doesn't take any damage from your sword.
Instead, he starts shimmering
and vibrating again
and squealing.
Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
And then he flies away from you guys. He goes straight past you, straight towards Yomeiji.
Oh no. We don't care. No we do if he gets inside Yomeiji.
He smacks him right in the face with his ghostness. And Yomeiji's like...
Oh no! Why don't we want... We don't want to fight Yomeiji. He's in Yomeiji now.
We could just run away, right? He's the leader of the...
He's the guardian of the fucking... He's a giant.
This is the last time you interfere with my plans.
Grab Terragon!
We have more, right? We all go grab Terragon.
With this form, I will annihilate you.
He says while you're grabbing extra Terragon.
Can I use Mage Hand to force feed Terragon to Yomeiji?
Yeah.
That's what I want to try on my next trend.
I'm gonna float the Terragon over here.
I'm gonna do the, here comes the airplane!
Floating with your Mage Hand, levitating this Terragon of virtue within the range of the spell,
you fly it up to his face and he pokes it with his flaming shovel and burns it to his cinders.
Someone's cranky.
We gotta fight this motherfucker.
I mean, we have to get Terragon into his system somehow.
Am I still in a rage?
Yeah.
I just go far sword, flaming far sword at him from a distance.
Wait, we're not trying to feed him the food anymore.
No, I'm gonna kill this motherfucker.
You don't want to kill the angel guy.
Try to get some Terragon goo on your bleeding weapons.
Yeah.
Can I do that?
Put it on an arrowhead.
Yeah, I have a ribbon dagger.
Don't tie your knife to anything.
What was the attack you did?
Flaming far sword.
Flaming far sword attack, but you might have lost your footing or something.
Jesus Christ.
It goes downward and starts, it hits the ground and starts a fire on Paradise.
Everything we touch turns to shit.
How much fire armor can I create?
You can create plenty for yourself, but none for other people.
Well, I create some for myself.
Black prison?
Save the thing.
I create fire armor for myself.
Breathing yourself in flames, you feel that fire will no longer hurt you.
Can I take my ribbon dagger and, as Sharpie suggested, rub some Terragon on it and then throw it at Yumichi and do the airplane thing.
Wait, what's the airplane thing?
Here comes the airplane, hoping that he opens his mouth.
So, you do that, you tie it or you rub it or whatever, and then you start whipping around the assassin dagger to throw at your foe.
But it also goes awry.
I think you let it go a bit too late when it's coming around and it smacks you in the face.
Jesus Christ.
What?
I'm rolling a lot of ones today.
So, it doesn't hurt me that much.
That's good.
It hurts you for too damage when it smacks you in the eye.
Avenger.
You definitely got a black eye.
Scrawl.
Pier city leafy Terragon leaves with your talons, or as El Pacino calls them, talons.
And coat your talons in Terragon aloe.
Scrawl.
And charge that demon.
It charges that demon.
It charges that demon, but he's got thick skin or something.
It's not working.
What the fuck, man?
Did you just want to go home?
No, I'm just not rolling high enough.
What's a crazy shot?
What's up?
Is that a thing there?
It says make up a name.
Sounds like a Guy Ritchie movie.
It sounds like a character.
Sounds like a lot of whip hands and freeze frames.
If I remember correctly, that's the special name.
I guess it's not a name, but it's the special name of use in the whisper bow.
So that would have already been used up.
Shit.
Whose turn is it?
My turn.
Yay.
So Yomiji, his head starts spinning around like an exorcism, and he's spitting acid all over the place.
All over all of yous in a circle.
He's spitting acid at you.
So, role reflexes.
Like sort of like a water sprinkler kind of thing?
Yeah, except without that hammer that makes it go all the way back, you know?
So everybody but Quark manages, or no, everybody but Quark gets hit by the acid.
Quark manages to dodge out of the way.
No, you dodge this one.
The firearm evaporate.
Yeah, I said it fucked up all style.
I said that fucked up all style.
I said fucked up all style, like it's something that has meaning.
Alright.
Moraine takes two damage.
Christopher takes seven, and Sharpie takes four damage, as acid burns your skin.
Ow!
I say we run.
Yeah, I say we fucking run.
We gotta go, we gotta get out of here.
No, let's beat this motherfucker up.
Have you looked at him?
Nothing is working.
Huh?
He's a giant.
Because we keep rolling ones, let's fucking, let's muscle up.
What does that mean?
Let's fucking focus.
Your strategy is to get luckier?
Yes.
Let's get lucky.
I use weapon focus and do a mighty sword attack.
Alright.
Swing with your mighty sword.
Watch this guys, it's gonna fucking work.
You swing your mighty sword and he parries with his flaming shovel.
Timmy, you know what?
Fuck off, let's get out of here.
Let me take one more shot.
What happens?
Can I take one more shot?
Sure.
I still have firearm, right?
Yep.
So with my boots of spry springing and several clumps of pteragon virtue,
I, uh, uh, Ronaldo Nehemiah my way over to the beast, uh, leaping up and diving straight toward, uh, the ghost's mouth,
uh, flinging pteragon into the open crevasse.
Can you, can you try the, here comes the airplane line.
And can you say it as Barack Obama?
Uh, do us a favor and open up.
Someone's knocking at the door.
He's folksy sometimes.
Someone's knocking, buckle down, open up.
Here comes the old airplane.
With a sure foot and a measured tone, you leap into the air,
hurling pteragon of virtue at, at the blazing angel.
But, uh, he closes his mouth.
Damn it, I wanna fucking die, I wanna kill myself.
Let's go, let's get out of here.
I wanna fucking run, I wanna leave, I don't like it.
You guys stay, we run, we run away.
You and I run away.
Can we do that?
The show's about to end, we have to end on a cliffhanger.
Yeah, let's run away.
We're just running away.
Run away!
Powered us.
An underestimated tactic.
DeMorris Brown, imagine if the Nazis had been more powerful.
Good afternoon, Mr. Grittenden.
I'm Jeff Davis, your mayor, Dan Harmon.
This show brought to you by a cowardice.
Thank you, Annie, thank you, Tyler, B-Stick, Bill,
Adam Goldberg, all of your assistance.
See you next week.